---
layout: post-no-feature
title: "Genetics"
description: "We went to see the Oncologist, Dr Shah, today to see how I was getting on with new Chemotherapy regime."
category: articles
tags: [doctors, therapy, drugs]
comments: true
---


The side effects have been massively reduced, and the fact I haven't had any trips to A&E are all great steps forward.  Big Lump has massively reduced in size as well, so we are on the right road.  It's a good job Ross was with me in the appointment, as I was rubbish answering some of the questions.  I just couldn't remember what's been going on. Everything is blurring into one big chemotherapy haze.

The decision was made to carry on with this regime, and also to book in a minor procedure to mark where the tumours are with clips so that when they come to do the pathology on it, they know where they are looking.  I'm not sure when this will happen, but hopefully it'll be in the New Year now.

The plan is still to do a mastectomy in  March when the chemotherapy has finished as well as more lymph node clearance.  I had hoped that I wouldn't have to have any more nodes removed, but I suppose it's for the best.  I don't particularly want any cancer seeds being left hanging around to cause chaos later on down the line.

The Oncologist also reminded me that I had to fill in the questionnaire to convince the local centre to run a genetic test on on me to see if I've got faulty BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene.  The fact that I've been diagnosed with breast cancer before I'm 40 indicates I have a slightly higher than normal chance and it could dictate whether I have a more surgery to reduce my risk further.  It also would be good to know as it'll have implications for Imogen and Felix.  The questionnaire has now been sent off so fingers crossed I've given them enough information to convince them to test me.

It's back to the hospital for blood tests tomorrow, and hopefully the next lots of Chemotherapy on Friday if those blood tests come back clear.  There's no reason to think they won't.

Onwards we go on this journey we never thought we'd be on.  Thank you to all who are keeping us company along the way.  We really do appreciate it.
