---
layout: post-light-feature
title: "A Week Off"
description: "My chemotherapy has had a holiday this week."
category: articles
tags: [doctors, therapy, drugs]
comments: true
---

Things seemed to be going ok.  Granted the extreme fatigue I've been feeling has been quite frustrating and I've had a headache which I've been unable to shift, but it was 'Fine'.  Unfortunately things weren't to stay on an even keel.

I'd managed to deploy some new functionality for work which had been playing on my mind.  This was a relief.  Small wins.

I go to the hospital every Thursday to have blood tests to check I'm fit enough to have my chemo on Fridays.  It doesn't take long and I'm normally dealt with quickly and efficiently allowing me to get back to work.  This Thursday, however, I woke up feeling distinctly under par, and whilst Ross was taking the bairns to breakfast club, I was subsequently sick.  Not good.

The thing about having chemotherapy, is everything is taken very seriously.  So when I mentioned I'd been sick and had a headache, things started happening.  I had additional blood tests taken, blood pressure, temperature, the doctor came in and had a look at me, and then we waited for the blood test results.

Thinking we wouldn't be there for long, Ross hadn't taken his laptop, so was unable to do any work.  I, however, made good use of the situation, and went to sleep.

After a few of hours, the blood tests results came back, and then we had to wait for my Consultant to make a decision.  He was eventually tracked down, and decided that given how exhausted I was, I'd have a week off my chemotherapy.

With this decision made, we went off home with some anti sickness tablets, and I went to bed and went to sleep.

Despite the break in chemo, it coincided with a week I was due my Herceptin, so we still had to go back for that on Friday morning.  Luckily this is a quick 30 min drip, so we were out quite quickly.  I was also instructed to see the GP about my headache.

Back home, back to bed, and although I was tempted to go to the drs in my PJs, I did manage to get dressed to attend my appointment.  I was given some stronger painkillers and told to return if things didn't improve.

Saturday morning comes, and Ross does the usual round of ferrying the bairns to their swimming lessons and dancing for Imogen.  I'd managed to change Felix's lesson, so he was back with his old teacher and as a result didn't go into melt down when it was time.

I had some gorgeous flowers delivered whilst the family were out from my Dad and Julie, and like all flowers which are sent, they are very well received and much appreciated.  Flowers make me smile.

Unfortunately, I've developed a slight case of Chemo induced agrophobia.  I just don't want to go out unless I really have to.  I had planned to go for a walk to the knitting shop, but I got sidetracked baking with Imogen, and have to say, I wasn't too disappointed.  We made fruit burst muffins and banana bread, and although the oven proved a bit tricky to decipher, they were lovely. (http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/1273/fruitburst-muffins)

With the painkillers kicking in, and a bit of respite from the chemo, I felt well enough to have a glass of Sparkly from my Gin Club supply.  I did worry that Ross would feel like I wasn't supporting him with Dryathlon, but he understood that it was one glass, and I probably wouldn't feel like having anymore until I finish my chemo in 4 weeks.

On Sunday morning, the bairns go to their second rugby training session, and Ross gets them signed up as members of the rugby club.  I stay at home, and make sure there's plenty of hot water on.

The headache persists, but I'm trying to stay on top of it with the painkillers.  I'm hoping that with a break in treatment, the fatigue is going to release it's holds me so that I can become a facsimile of a fully functioning human being.  Temporarily at least.