---
layout: post-light-feature
title: "A Post from Imogen"
description: "Imogen decided she would like to put a post on the blog so we can see things from her perspective"
category: articles
tags: [doctors, therapy, drugs]
comments: true
imogen: true
---

I'm worried about Mummy because she having horrible medicine.  She needs to have this to make her better from the Cancer.  I'm angry and cross and sometimes sad.  Mummy keeps reading Mummy's Lump to me and it makes me feel a bit happier because it tells us what is happening in words I can understand.  It's helping me understand what is going to happen to Mummy and it makes me feel less scared.  It's hard to understand everything that is happening at the minute, but the book helps me a lot.

Mummy has no hair because she has strong medicine called Chemotherapy.  I went to the hospital to see Mummy have her Chemotherapy over the Christmas holidays, and I thought it was going to be scary, but it wasn't.  All it was, was bags of medicine which looked like water, going through a tube, into Mummy.  It didn't hurt Mummy, but she did fall asleep.  I read a Hello Kitty book and Felix and Daddy made a Lego object.  Then we watched Gangster Granny on Daddy's iPad. Then we watched Katie Morag.

The week after that, we went to Katy's house whilst Mummy had her Chemotherapy.  I was much happier with this because it was less boring!

Mummy doesn't go swimming anymore because the Chemotherapy makes her tired and she just wants to go to sleep.  I'm looking forward to her finishing it, so we can have more time with Mummy.

I'm scared about the operation Mummy is going to have but it's a while away.  After the operation, Mummy might have to have Radiotherapy that kills any little bits of Lump that are left behind.

We are going to be doing the Race For Life in July for Cancer Research, and I am looking forward to it.  A lot of my friends are going to do it with me.

Mummy still loves her cuddles with me and Felix.  And I love them too.

Imogen