---
layout: post-light-feature
title: "The 'C' Word"
description: "And I don't mean the book..."
category: articles
tags: [secondary, primary, friendship, pain]
comments: true

---
...written by Lisa Lynch. Not because I found it difficult or to close to home, but because I borrowed it from the library and had to give it back when I tried to renew it, as someone else wanted it. (humph). I had to buy it in the end, but I haven't managed to pick up where I left off, as I'm reading another book.  Slowly.  Very S L O W L Y. I used to be able to read books very quickly.  I don't know why, but I've been finding it hard going.  I'm still trying to finish 'The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August' which I started last October, when I was recovering from my Reconstruction.  It's very good, and I'd tell you who it was by, but I can't be bothered to walk up stairs and find out.  You'll have to look it up for yourselves.  

Anyway, whilst I've been writing this blog, I am very inconsistent with the case (Grammar, yawn) of the 'c' in Cancer.  Should it be a lower case 'c', or an upper case 'C'?  If you know, can you put it in the comments section belong, so if I do get an answer from someone who knows, I'll try (ha!) to be more consistent in future.  I promise.

Thank you

Jx

p.s.  I probably do know, but it's been filed away in the deep, dark depths of my brain under - "Not Relevant at Present."  Cancer has a habit of slowly taking over your brain. To be clear, I'm not talking literally, more metaphorically. At present, I do not have cancer in my brain.
