---
layout: post-light-feature
title: "Quarterly Scan"
description: ""
category: articles
tags: [secondary, primary, scan, mri]
comments: true

---

On Friday 4th November, Ross and I schlepped down to Mount Vernon for my quarterly scan.  The one that I have to have to check that I don't have any gremlins getting together and having a little party and growing into a tumour.  I don't like lumps and I don't like tumours.    We've had a lot to deal with this year and if I'm honest 2016 has been pretty awful.  It was supposed to be the year we started living again.  We'd got all the big surgeries, including reconstruction, out the way.  We were going to go on a big abroad holiday, somewhere with a pool, an beach and some sunshine.  We were going to get the house decorated.

Unfortunately, it wasn't to be, 2016 was The Lawley's 'Annus Horribilis'.

We waited for the results of the scan to come through, and a few days later, I got an email from my consultants secretary saying he wanted to see me at his evening clinic.  I think it's fair to say, Ross and I pretty much freaked out at this point.

Phrases including "It's never good news to get called in this quick", "Results this fast?  F**k".

So, after dropping the kids off to a, lets be fair, very worried Michelle, we went to meet the Oncologist.  We waited, we moved to a different part of the hospital, and then we were called in.  "The scan was fine!" he said!  Ross and I came down from the ceiling.  All was fine!!  Yay!

The concern now is my continuing tiredness.  As we know I'm cancer free right now,  the plan is for me to come off my daily hormone tablet, (Anastrozole), for two weeks to see if that's the cause.  It's been worrying, but as I've had a lingering cold for so long, it's been pushed to the back of my mind.  The two weeks is up on the 28th November, so we'll see what happens next.  I don't think it's made too much of a difference.  Maybe a little bit, but I'll be put on a sister drug of Anastrolzole which will reduce the amount of Oestrogen in my body.  I won't be left without a daily hormone restricter.  As my type of cancer is er+ it likes hormones.  It gets bigger by eating hormones (sort of).  And the less Oestrogen in my body the better.

I'll be back with an update on that one.

Jx
